feat(schema): allow set_parameter in buttons (#163)
aica-technology/api: schemas/applications/CHANGELOG.md

- [1-1-0](#110)
- [1-0-0](#100)

## 1-4-2

> Version 1-4-2 adds support for set parameters in buttons.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Version 1-4-2 adds support for the `set` parameter event in buttons.
```
